.. vim: ft=rst sts=2 sw=2 tw=77
.. default-role:: literal

=============================================================================
                                  noWebistra
=============================================================================
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
             Enables transitioning from Webistrano to Capistrano
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

:Author: Roman Neuhauser
:Contact: neuhauser@sigpipe.cz
:Copyright: This document is in the public domain.

.. this file is marked up using reStructuredText
   lines beginning with ".." are reST directives
   "foo_" or "`foo bar`_" is a link, defined at ".. _foo" or ".. _foo bar"
   "::" introduces a literal block (usually some form of code)
   "`foo`" is some kind of identifier
   suspicious backslashes in the text ("`std::string`\s") are required for
   reST to recognize the preceding character as syntax

.. contents::

Synopsis
========

::

  ./nowebistra.sh config/deploy
  cap deploy:migrate $stage $project

Description
===========

noWebistra enables transitioning away from Webistrano to plain Capistrano.
Webistrano's promise is "Capistrano deployment the easy way".
Turns out there's nothing complicated or hard about deploying with
Capistrano, all that Webistrano does is provide a cumbersome deployment log
viewer in a horribly slow web user interface.

`nowebistra.sh` extracts data from a webistrano database and stores them
in a tree of text files.
The output is structured so as to make automatic processing very easy.
You can transform this output into a traditional config/deploy.rb by hand,
or use it as-is, e. g. with the included `Capfile`.

`Capfile` uses the generated files to configure Capistrano at runtime.

License
=======

noWebistra is distributed under the MIT license.  See the `LICENSE` file.

Status
======

noWebistra is in early development.
Expect sharp edges and loose ends.

